Brothers, the lord comes to save you.
What are you guys doing?
I am here to save you.
You guys keep looking at me like that.
Don't you know the outside is surrounded by the imperial court?
What? This place is surrounded.
I don't want to die.
If I don't want to die, kill me too.
Say it.
Rebel once, good anti-theft for life.
Then it's the opposite of Don the boss.
Brothers.
We will kill together now.
Everyone listen up.
Don't go, we want to surrender.
But we surrender and still die.
We kill to attack Nam Vuong Dao.
It is you rotten beggars who want to rebel.
Oh, the one with the rabbit got it for me.
Um, I count three numbers.
No surrender is cut for you.
Not.
Two find out I think of a way.
This positive energy is fake.
Wait.